# Preparing AWS environment

## Overview
There are three tasks to perform when building a cluster:

1. Secure your AWS environment.
2. Configure the virtual private cloud (VPC) networking for the cluster.
3. Create the Amazon EKS cluster.


## AWS shared responsibility model
AWS operates, manages, and controls the components from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the 
physical security of the facilities in which the services operate. This means that AWS is responsible for protecting the 
global infrastructure that runs all the services offered in the AWS Cloud, including AWS Regions, Availability Zones, 
and edge locations. The AWS global infrastructure includes the facilities, network, hardware, and operational software 
[for example, host operating system (OS) and virtualization software] that support the provisioning and use of 
these resources.

Customers maintain complete control over their content and are responsible for managing critical-content security 
requirements including customer content stored in AWS, the country in which the content is stored, who has access, and 
so forth. The type of Amazon EKS shared responsibility model is contingent on a customer's choices for their cluster's 
data plane.

To learn more about how the Amazon EKS shared responsibility model works, interact with the image carousel below. Choose 
the right arrow to move to the next image, and the left arrow to move to the previous image. To use the zoom feature, 
choose the zoom image button.

WIP ...